chubbie Janie who was Nathan Hale Megan
Hale was an American patriot that's
right in what manner did he give his
life for his country he was wronged no
he was hanged
Oh hang
Don Payne where is Washington first in
war first in peace and third in American
League
Douglas Greer
what with Abraham Lincoln's mother's
name mrs. Lincoln
are you children trying to be funny
Betty O'Donnell on Paul Revere's night
ride What did he say as he stopped his
horse in front of a colonial homes he
said whoa
somebody did for a real trouncing body
Mallon what was Niro doing while Rome
burned well I don't know but I think he
should have been hauling water to the
fire Jackie Cooper who was the Hunchback
of Notre Dame
what is this
Marianne Jackson what famous words did
Washington utter as he crossed the
Delaware
who gave you those answers Robert where
did you get those answers this book